Improve the Using Numerical Optimization Methods Documentation (#1451)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/using-numerical-optimization-methods.md

If this technique is used with Genetic Algorithms for example, then the `optimizer_save_state` function should save at least all the genotypes and fitness results of the current GA population.
If this technique is used with Particle Swarm Optimization, then the `optimizer_save_state` function should at least save the position, velocity and fitness of all particles currently in the swarm.

#### Using the wb\_supervisor\_world\_reset Function

> Similarly to the [`wb_supervisor_world_reload`](../reference/supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_world_reload) function, this function reset the physics simulation but does not restart the controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the [`wb_supervisor_world_reload`](../reference/supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_world_reload) function, this function resets the physics simulation.
However, it does not restart the controllers.
```

> The advantage of this function is that it is possible to restart only the desired controllers using the [`wb_supervisor_node_restart_controller`](../reference/supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_node_restart_controller) function, e.g. restart the [Robot](../reference/robot.md) controllers but not the [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md) one (which removes the need for saving and restoring the complete state of the optimization algorithm).

Reviewer: 3 short sentences instead of a long one.

```suggestion
The advantage of this function is that it is possible to restart only the desired controllers using the [`wb_supervisor_node_restart_controller`](../reference/supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_node_restart_controller) function.
Typically, you will restart the [Robot](../reference/robot.md) controllers but not the [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md) one.
Thus, there is no need for the [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md) controller to save and restore the complete state of the optimization algorithm.
```
